I thought he was a little fruity, and I hired him.
The premise was that he was going to come here and finish his doctorate in Missouri, and he never has finished his doctorate.
He's been here now for almost 20 years, 15 years.
But he's doing a terrific job.
He's an excellent conductor, good musician.
Would we be well advised to create a full degree program in music at A&M?
I think it's eventually a must.
If we're going to be, quote, a top 10 university, let's get with it.
Yes.
I hope, though,
I hope that the senior cadets won't be forced to take credit.
Because I think it'll destroy part of their philosophy and image within themselves.
Well, and also, one of the things I've wondered about, all of those musical organizations, if they become the sole property, put that in quotation marks, of the Department of Music,
then they lose their campus-wide involvement popularity.
Exactly.
Now, there's no question A&M needs a music department.
But it's probably one of the most expensive departments you could have on campus.
Yes.
With practice rooms and pianos and electronics and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And all the teachers, the private teachers and so forth that you need.
But if it's going to be a university, let's get with it.
I mean, let's stop giving it word service and get after it.
But I know the bottom line is money, again, always.
And I just hope they don't force.
I hope they let the singing cadets remain as a student activity, even if it has to be divorced from the community department and be still a part of MSC or a part of student activities.
Somehow I think it would destroy them.
I think it would change the whole image, the whole purpose, the whole function.
Now David, on the other hand, doesn't feel that way, I don't think.
He's ambitious.
He wants to be academically accepted, blah, blah, blah.
I never even thought of it that way.
I mean, I was an assistant professor and gave up my position so I could get a raise in student activities.
Because faculty salaries were frozen in those days.
And I think they've got a $20 raise.
Have we left some important topics out?
I don't think so.
I mean, as far as talking about Singulets is concerned, I will look up those three tapes.
I have to locate them.
They're probably stored somewhere.
No, I don't think so.
The four groups that are there now, in my opinion, are all accredited to the university.
Singulets are the oldest, most traditional, and in my opinion, most entertaining.
But that's just my biased opinion.
And have passed now 60 years if they started in 39.
Right, right.
And they got the name in 1940, I think.
Yeah.
All right, then, as we get ready to draw this to a close, let's make believe that someone came to you and gave you a check for a million dollars.
with one condition.
You are to pass it on to Texas A&M, but you can tell A&M what you want done with it.
What would be your favorite, if you had a million dollars you could give, what would be your favorite cause?
What good would you want done?
Uh...
Well I would certainly give money to vocal music, some of it.
Some sort of endowed series of scholarships.
I would give a portion of it to the health center because I think that's going to become more and more important
and more and more a need as our student body keeps growing.
You know when I came here we had 6,000 students.
And I liked it best when it was like 20,000, 25,000.
Of course I always sang at the commencement exercises.
And I used to, years ago, I used to recognize most of the people who crossed the stage.
But I got to the point where I didn't know any who crossed the stage, unless they were singing cadets.
Well, on the money.
I would give some to the computer programs within the library or expand somehow computer access on campus.
I wouldn't know the best way to do that.
Someone smarter than I would do that.
Well, I would try to give the Seeking Cadets the money too to start a high school recruitment program.
You know, these counselors, most of the high school counselors, don't really push A&M that much.
We found out through the years they send them other places.
or recommend other places.
And there will be some way we can overcome that.
Okay.
Alright, last question then.
What feelings do you have for Texas A&M in your heart today?
I think it's the best university in the country.
I think it's, I think it's, it instills more
in the hearts and minds of individual students than any other school in the country that I know of.
And it's good stuff, you know, to me.
It's not just, well I got my degree at such and such.
It's not that, it's like I'm from A&M and I'm an Aggie and I'm proud of it.
And you don't have to say any more than that.
to me.
I found that to be true as we traveled, whether we were talking with Aggies or non-Aggies.
There are some non-Aggies out there, but we always felt, and I think they always felt better after we visited with them.
Let's quit with that.